src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Stick.java:3: error: class STICK is public, should be declared in a file named STICK.java
public class STICK extends Block {
       ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Block.java:100: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from double to int
    public void setBlock(Point __) { x = __.getX(); y = __.getY(); }
                                                ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Block.java:100: error: incompatible types: possible lossy conversion from double to int
    public void setBlock(Point __) { x = __.getX(); y = __.getY(); }
                                                               ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Block.java:123: error: an enum switch case label must be the unqualified name of an enumeration constant
			case 8:
			     ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:13: error: incompatible types: int[][] cannot be converted to BlockType[][]
    private BlockType[][] grid = new int[HEIGHT + HIDDEN_HEIGHT][WIDTH];
                                 ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:14: error: incompatible types: int[] cannot be converted to BlockType[]
    private BlockType[] peaks = new int[WIDTH];
                                ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:21: error: cannot find symbol
                if (__.data()[__.state()][i][j]) {
                                ^
  symbol:   method state()
  location: variable __ of type Block
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:22: error: bad operand types for binary operator '>'
                    if (peaks[j] > i) peaks[j] = i;                    
                                 ^
  first type:  BlockType
  second type: int
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:22: error: incompatible types: int cannot be converted to BlockType
                    if (peaks[j] > i) peaks[j] = i;                    
                                                 ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:31: error: bad operand types for binary operator '<'
            if (peaks[B.x()+i] < answer)
                               ^
  first type:  BlockType
  second type: int
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:32: error: incompatible types: BlockType cannot be converted to int
                answer = peaks[B.x()+i];
                              ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:51: error: incompatible types: boolean[] cannot be converted to boolean
                if (B.data()[i][j])
                               ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:60: error: incompatible types: boolean[] cannot be converted to boolean
                if (B.data()[i][j])
                               ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:71: error: incompatible types: boolean[] cannot be converted to boolean
                if (B.data()[i][j])
                               ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:83: error: incompatible types: boolean[] cannot be converted to boolean
                if (B.data()[i][j])
                               ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:100: error: cannot find symbol
				Arrays.fill(grid[4], BlockType.BLANK);
				^
  symbol:   variable Arrays
  location: class BlockGrid
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:106: error: cannot find symbol
		if (rowsCleared >= rowsCap) PARENT.goalReached();
		                   ^
  symbol:   variable rowsCap
  location: class BlockGrid
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:111: error: cannot find symbol
			Arrays.fill(grid[container], BlockType.BLANK);            
			^
  symbol:   variable Arrays
  location: class BlockGrid
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:121: error: cannot find symbol
			for (int i2 = 0; i2 < WIDTH; ++j)
			                               ^
  symbol:   variable j
  location: class BlockGrid
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\BlockGrid.java:133: error: incompatible types: int[][] cannot be converted to BlockType[][]
    public void clear() { grid = new int[HEIGHT + HIDDEN_HEIGHT][WIDTH]; }
                                 ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:13: error: constructor BlockGrid in class BlockGrid cannot be applied to given types;
    public BlockGrid Grid = new BlockGrid();
                            ^
  required: GameModel
  found: no arguments
  reason: actual and formal argument lists differ in length
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:26: error: cannot find symbol
        newShape();
        ^
  symbol:   method newShape()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:30: error: cannot find symbol
		shapes.clear();
		^
  symbol:   variable shapes
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:37: error: cannot find symbol
		clearBuffer.clear();
		^
  symbol:   variable clearBuffer
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:40: error: cannot find symbol
		swapContainer = -1;
		^
  symbol:   variable swapContainer
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:41: error: cannot find symbol
		rowsCleared = 0;
		^
  symbol:   variable rowsCleared
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:42: error: cannot find symbol
		newShape();
		^
  symbol:   method newShape()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:47: error: cannot find symbol
		shapes.clear();
		^
  symbol:   variable shapes
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:53: error: cannot find symbol
		clearBuffer.clear();
		^
  symbol:   variable clearBuffer
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:56: error: cannot find symbol
		swapContainer = -1;
		^
  symbol:   variable swapContainer
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:57: error: cannot find symbol
		rowsCleared = 0;
		^
  symbol:   variable rowsCleared
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:58: error: cannot find symbol
		newShape();
		^
  symbol:   method newShape()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:76: error: cannot find symbol
        ActiveBlock.drawShape(grid, 0);
                              ^
  symbol:   variable grid
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:82: error: clearActiveBlock() has private access in GameView
            PARENT.View().clearActiveBlock();
                         ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:85: error: non-static method detectLeft(Block) cannot be referenced from a static context
                    if (!BlockGrid.detectLeft(ActiveBlock))
                                  ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:89: error: non-static method detectRight(Block) cannot be referenced from a static context
                    if (!BlockGrid.detectRight(ActiveBlock))
                                  ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:93: error: non-static method tryLeftTurn(Block) cannot be referenced from a static context
                    BlockGrid.tryLeftTurn(ActiveBlock);
                             ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:96: error: non-static method tryRightTurn(Block) cannot be referenced from a static context
                    BlockGrid.tryRightTurn(ActiveBlock);
                             ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:99: error: non-static method fastDrop(Block) cannot be referenced from a static context
                    ActiveBlock.move(BlockGrid.fastDrop(ActiveBlock));
                                              ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:99: error: cannot find symbol
                    ActiveBlock.move(BlockGrid.fastDrop(ActiveBlock));
                               ^
  symbol:   method move(Point)
  location: variable ActiveBlock of type Block
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:100: error: cannot find symbol
                    commitBlock();
                    ^
  symbol:   method commitBlock()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:107: error: non-static method clear() cannot be referenced from a static context
        BlockGrid.clear();
                 ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:111: error: incompatible types: BlockType cannot be converted to Block
			SwapBlock = ActiveBlock.type();
			                            ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:112: error: clearActiveBlock() has private access in GameView
			PARENT.View().clearActiveBlock();
			             ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:113: error: cannot find symbol
			newShape();			
			^
  symbol:   method newShape()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:115: error: cannot find symbol
			BlockType __ = ActiveBlock.getType();
			                          ^
  symbol:   method getType()
  location: variable ActiveBlock of type Block
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:116: error: clearActiveBlock() has private access in GameView
            PARENT.View().clearActiveBlock();
                         ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:118: error: incompatible types: BlockType cannot be converted to Block
			SwapBlock = __;
			            ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:123: error: non-static method detectDown(Block) cannot be referenced from a static context
        if (BlockGrid.detectDown(ActiveBlock)) {
                     ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:133: error: cannot find symbol
                    checkRows();
                    ^
  symbol:   method checkRows()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:134: error: cannot find symbol
                    clearRows();
                    ^
  symbol:   method clearRows()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:135: error: cannot find symbol
                    newShape();
                    ^
  symbol:   method newShape()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:140: error: cannot find symbol
            PARENT.VIEW().clearActiveBlock();
                  ^
  symbol:   method VIEW()
  location: variable PARENT of type GameController
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:151: error: cannot find symbol
            case 1: __ = new L1(); break;
                             ^
  symbol:   class L1
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:152: error: cannot find symbol
            case 2: __ = new L2(); break;
                             ^
  symbol:   class L2
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
            case 3: __ = new Zig1(); break;
                             ^
  symbol:   class Zig1
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:154: error: cannot find symbol
            case 4: __ = new Zig2(); break;
                             ^
  symbol:   class Zig2
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:156: error: cannot find symbol
            case 6: __ = new Stick(); break;
                             ^
  symbol:   class Stick
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:160: error: cannot find symbol
		if (ActiveBlock != null) { BlockGrid.add(ActiveBlock); BlockGrid.checkRows(ActiveBlock); } 
		                                    ^
  symbol:   method add(Block)
  location: class BlockGrid
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameModel.java:160: error: checkRows(Block) has private access in BlockGrid
		if (ActiveBlock != null) { BlockGrid.add(ActiveBlock); BlockGrid.checkRows(ActiveBlock); } 
		                                                                ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameController.java:20: error: cannot find symbol
        Model().newShape();
               ^
  symbol:   method newShape()
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:36: error: cannot find symbol
                if (PARENT.Model().dirtyGrid) {
                                  ^
  symbol:   variable dirtyGrid
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:36: error: illegal start of type
                if (PARENT.Model().dirtyGrid) {
                   ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:57: error: cannot find symbol
        g.fillRect(0, 0, 25 * PARENT.Model().BlockGrid.WIDTH(), 25 * PARENT.Model().BlockGrid.HEIGHT());
                                            ^
  symbol:   variable BlockGrid
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:57: error: cannot find symbol
        g.fillRect(0, 0, 25 * PARENT.Model().BlockGrid.WIDTH(), 25 * PARENT.Model().BlockGrid.HEIGHT());
                                                                                   ^
  symbol:   variable BlockGrid
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:98: error: cannot find symbol
			for (int i2 = 0; i2 < PARENT.Model().BlockGrid.data()[0].length; i2++)
			                                    ^
  symbol:   variable BlockGrid
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:99: error: cannot find symbol
				if (PARENT.Model().grid[i + 4][i2] != BlockType.BLANK) {
				                  ^
  symbol:   variable grid
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:100: error: cannot find symbol
					g.setColor(Block.colour(PARENT.Model().grid[i + 4][i2]));
					                                      ^
  symbol:   variable grid
  location: class GameModel
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:105: error: cannot find symbol
        Block AB = PARENT.Model().ActiveBlock; s = AB.state();
                                               ^
  symbol:   variable s
  location: class GameView
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:105: error: cannot find symbol
        Block AB = PARENT.Model().ActiveBlock; s = AB.state();
                                                     ^
  symbol:   method state()
  location: variable AB of type Block
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:110: error: cannot find symbol
                if (AB.data()[AB.state()][i][j]) {
                                ^
  symbol:   method state()
  location: variable AB of type Block
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:115: error: cannot find symbol
    private void clearActiveBlock() { clearActiveBlock(g); }
                                                       ^
  symbol:   variable g
  location: class GameView
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:119: error: cannot find symbol
        clearActiveShape(g);
        ^
  symbol:   method clearActiveShape(Graphics)
  location: class GameView
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:123: error: cannot find symbol
                if (AB.data()[AS.state()][i][j])
                              ^
  symbol:   variable AS
  location: class GameView
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:124: error: x is not public in Component; cannot be accessed from outside package
                    g.fillRect((25 * (j + x)), (25 * (i + y - 4)), 25, 25);
                                          ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\MVC\GameView.java:124: error: y is not public in Component; cannot be accessed from outside package
                    g.fillRect((25 * (j + x)), (25 * (i + y - 4)), 25, 25);
                                                          ^
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Left.java:4: error: initBlock() in L_Left cannot override initBlock() in Block
    private void initBlock() {
                 ^
  attempting to assign weaker access privileges; was 
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Left.java:7: error: cannot find symbol
        end_state = 3; canTurn = true;
        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class L_Left
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Left.java:8: error: cannot find symbol
		type = L_LEFT;
		       ^
  symbol:   variable L_LEFT
  location: class L_Left
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Left.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                   ^
  symbol:   class grid
  location: class L_Left
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Left.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class L_Left
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Right.java:4: error: initBlock() in L_Right cannot override initBlock() in Block
    private void initBlock() {
                 ^
  attempting to assign weaker access privileges; was 
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Right.java:7: error: cannot find symbol
        end_state = 3; canTurn = true;
        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class L_Right
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Right.java:8: error: cannot find symbol
		type = L_RIGHT;
		       ^
  symbol:   variable L_RIGHT
  location: class L_Right
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Right.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                   ^
  symbol:   class grid
  location: class L_Right
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\L_Right.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class L_Right
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Square.java:4: error: initBlock() in Square cannot override initBlock() in Block
    private void initBlock() {
                 ^
  attempting to assign weaker access privileges; was 
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Square.java:7: error: cannot find symbol
        end_state = 0; canTurn = false;
        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class Square
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Square.java:8: error: cannot find symbol
		type = SQUARE;
		       ^
  symbol:   variable SQUARE
  location: class Square
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Square.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                   ^
  symbol:   class grid
  location: class Square
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Square.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class Square
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Stick.java:4: error: initBlock() in STICK cannot override initBlock() in Block
    private void initBlock() {
                 ^
  attempting to assign weaker access privileges; was 
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Stick.java:7: error: cannot find symbol
        end_state = 1; canTurn = true;
        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class STICK
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Stick.java:8: error: cannot find symbol
		type = STICK;
		       ^
  symbol:   variable STICK
  location: class STICK
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Stick.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                   ^
  symbol:   class grid
  location: class STICK
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Stick.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class STICK
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Tri.java:4: error: initBlock() in Tri cannot override initBlock() in Block
    private void initBlock() {
                 ^
  attempting to assign weaker access privileges; was 
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Tri.java:7: error: cannot find symbol
        end_state = 3; canTurn = true;
        ^
  symbol:   variable end_state
  location: class Tri
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Tri.java:8: error: cannot find symbol
		type = TRI;
		       ^
  symbol:   variable TRI
  location: class Tri
src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Blocks\Tri.java:9: error: cannot find symbol
        grid = new grid[end_state+1];
                   ^
  symbol:   class grid
  location: class Tri
Note: src\syminical\tetris_sprint\Tetris_Sprint.java uses unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
100 errors
